# On handling frustrations

Today I have tried to work on [setting up a Django project with Docker](3.md), but have so far failed. Specifically, I haven't been able to understand why the tutorial has a folder called `composeexample` and `manage.py` after having run `docker-compose run (...)`. I understand that they are made with the `django-admin startproject` command, but that's about it.

Now, the purpose of this post is not to dig deeper into this, but trying to unpack the personal side of not succeeding with this project. I believe that taking a step back to look at how I handle failure can be a valuable lesson for me going forward, because I'm bound to encounter many more of these situations.

Firstly, acknowledging a lack of understanding is hard for me. It makes me vulnerable. I would much rather have been able to figure it out.

Secondly, it helps me actively thinking about untying my sense of self-worth with this particular failure. I'm still as much worth as a human being after having failed at this task as I was before undertaking this task. In fact, thinking about it, the act of trying is valuable (not that not-trying would have diminished my intrinsic value or worth), so kudos for trying.

As with anything else I could have thrown more time and energy behind trying to solve this task, but I have only finite resources of time and attention. Hence, I will now have to leave this post/project in this failed state, reminding myself that it in no regard affects my worth and try again another time.

Thanks for reading,

The sensitive programmer
